[MUSIC]
Today we are going to rotate
a Servo from your Raspberry Pi.
So, we have several components.
We're going to wire them together.
We're going to use the code
that we showed in lecture 3.1.
Actually it's a little bit modified.
I will describe those
modifications in a little bit.
Right now let's go through
the wiring process.
Now I just show you the parts.
We have a raspberry Pi with some
wires coming out coming out of it,
which I will describe.
Got a Servo motor, and
it's connectors are over here.
Got some assorted wires that we need for
wiring.
Then we've got a battery pack.
External power.
With a black and a red for
ground and power.
And then of course
the red board right here.
So what we're going to go,
our goal in wiring this is we
have to wire to this Servo.
Now this Servo, it has a yellow
on the left, red in the middle,
brown on the right.
Brown is ground,
red is power in the middle, and
yellow is signal,
which controls this rotation.
Now, ground and power for this Servo
are going to come from this battery pack.
The ground and the power.
Because we want to use external
power because the battery pack,
battery can supply,
the external battery can supply a lot
more current than the raspberry pi can.
My raspberry pi is in a case by the way,
in case you didn't notice.
Now the Raspberry PI
will supply the signal.
Now the signal though is
going to come out on pin.
Here are the pins in here.
The signal's going to come out on pin 12.
That's where we're driving
the pulse with modulator signal.
Pin 12, so I've plugged in these
wires to attach those pins.
Pin 12 is the one that's red.
So that's going to be,
the red one right there.
The red is going to be the signal.
And then the black one here is
the ground of the Raspberry Pi.
So we want to have a common ground.
That is, the Raspberry Pi's ground is
going to be connected to the external
battery pack's ground.
Which is also going to be
connected to the Servo's ground.
So everybody's going to
have the same ground.
So we are going to wire that first.
So lets do that.
Lets take the ground of
the battery pack and
wire it into a column with the red board,
this one.
Then lets take a black wire,
connect it to the ground of the Raspberry
Pi, and wire that into the same column.
Same ground column so they are together.
Now we need another black wire, we'll
connect this to the ground of the Servo.
There we go.
And we are going to wire
that into the same column.
So now everybody's ground is connected.
Raspberry Pi, external battery and Servo.
So we've got the grounds connected.
Then we want to connect the signal up.
Now the signal is red on this
coming out of the Raspberry Pi,
that's pin 12 of the Raspberry Pi.
We'll take that signal and we're going
to wire it into the signal input
of our Servo,
which is the orange one down here.
Okay yeah, so we've got that wire.
Now the last thing we need
to wire is the power.
The power is this for the Servo.
We're wiring that to the middle,
which is the power input of the Servo.
A little bit awkward.
There we go.
I don't know if you heard it, but
the Servo actually rotated slightly
when I plugged the power in.
Okay, so that's all wired together.
Now, to the program.
So the program, the slight changes.
First I had to import time, the time
package had to be imported because
there's actually, I call time sleep
just to slow things down a little bit.
And also instead of four \g each,
I had a typo.
Instead of four each, it's a four, it's a
four loop instead of a four \g each loop.
Also another thing I had to change was
the range, that I span, the rotation,
the duty cycle changed.
So in original code,
duty cycle would go from 0 to 100%, and
then 100% back to 0, but that's too
broad of a range for this Servo.
I had to narrow it for the Servo.
So now, the range will only go from
one to ten, and ten back to one,
which is plenty of rotation actually for
this Servo.
So we'll see how much
rotation momentarily.
All right, so
now I'm going to run the code.
So I've written the code and I've saved in
a script and now I"m going to evoke it.
I'm going to do sudo,
s-u-d-o to become root.
Python 3 and then PWM.py,
because that's what I called it.
And I hit Enter and it should start.
It now zeroed itself,
and now it's rotating.
Slowly going up from zero to a ten.
And then it should go back momentarily.
There it goes back.
One to ten, ten to one.
And then, it hops back to zero,
and it's off.
That's it.
Thanks a lot.
[MUSIC]